# healthy-tree
## Apple Tree

##### It is a deciduous tree, usually up to 15 meters in height, but cultivated trees are generally only about 3-5 meters high. The trunk is grayish brown and the bark has some degree of shedding. The fruit is generally red, but it depends on the variety. The fruit of the apple tree is rich in minerals and vitamins and is one of the most commonly eaten fruits. The flowering period of apple trees is based on the climate of each region, but it is generally concentrated in April-May. Apples are cross-pollinated plants, and most of the varieties cannot be fruited. After apple cultivation, it usually begins to bear fruit in 2-3 years. The length of fruit growth period is 65-87 days for early mature varieties, 90-133 days for medium-maturing varieties, and 137-168 days for late-maturing varieties.

## Yellow Pear Tree
##### Rosaceae is a perennial deciduous fruit tree and has a wide distribution throughout the world. China's pear cultivation area and yield are second only to apples. The three provinces of Hebei, Shandong and Liaoning are the concentrated production areas of Chinese pears. The cultivated area accounts for about half of the total, and the output accounts for 60%. The annual output of Hebei Province accounts for about one-third of China's. 
##### Pear fruit is edible and has high nutritional and medicinal value. The trunk of the trunk is smooth at the sapling stage, and the bark becomes thicker, longitudinally split or peeled off after the age of the tree is increased. The shoots are glabrous or have hairy hairs, and then fall off; 2 years old and above are grayish yellow or even purple brown.

## Jujube
##### Deciduous small trees, thin shrubs, up to 10 meters, bark brown or taupe, petiole 1-6 mm long, or up to 1 cm on long branches, hairless or sparsely sessile, stipules stalks slender, It often falls off later. Flowers yellow-green, bisexual, glabrous, with short total pedicels, solitary or densely integrated with cymose. The drupe is round or long oval, 2-3.5 cm long and 1.5-2 cm in diameter. It turns red to reddish purple after ripening. The mesocarp is fleshy, thick and sweet. The seeds are oblong, about 1 cm long and 8 mm wide. 
##### It grows in mountains, hills or plains below 1,700 meters above sea level. Widely cultivated. This species is native to China, and is often cultivated in Asia, Europe, and the Americas.
##### Jujube is rich in vitamin C and vitamin P. In addition to fresh food, it can often be made into candied dates, red dates, smoked dates, black dates, dates, jujubes and other preserves and preserves. It can also be used as jujube, jujube, jujube, Jujube vinegar, etc., is a raw material for the food industry.

## Pomegranate Tree
##### Deciduous trees or shrubs; simple leaves, usually opposite or clustered, without stipules. Flowers terminal or subterminal, solitary or several clusters or cymose, subulate, loculate 5--9, sate 5--9. Berry globose, with lobes of persistent calyx at the top, thick pericarp; numerous seeds, globose subglobose, fruit ripening period from September to October. The outer seed coat is translucent and juicy; the inner seed is leathery.
##### Sexually sweet, sour, warm, with insecticidal, astringent, sputum, sputum and other effects. Pomegranate fruit is rich in nutrients, vitamin C content is one or two times higher than apples and pears.
##### The history of cultivated pomegranate in China can be traced back to the Han Dynasty. According to Lu Gong, Zhang Wei was introduced from the Western Region. It is cultivated in both north and south of China. It has a large planting area in Anhui, Jiangsu, Henan and other places, and has cultivated some high-quality varieties. Among them, Anhui Huaiyuan County is the hometown of Chinese pomegranates, and “Huaiyuan Pomegranate” is a national geographical indication protection product.
##### Chinese traditional culture regards pomegranate as a mascot and regards it as a symbol of many children.

## Kiwi Tree
##### The shape is elliptical, and the outside is covered with small fine hair. It is called Maoyangtao, and it is called kiwifruit. Don't look at its long appearance, but it is rich in vitamin C, which can strengthen the immune system and promote wound healing. It is rich in inositol and amino acids, which can inhibit depression and supplement the vegetative cells consumed by brain power; its low sodium The perfect ratio of high potassium can supplement the physical strength lost by working overtime. Kiwifruit has a strange effect that matches the name, and the market is very promising in the future.
